Yo - I like what you’re building. Want to come build agents at Rootly?
Yesterday, 8:33 PM
Brand new team you’d be helping start
Yesterday, 8:37 PM
You accepted the request

0:37

Yesterday, 9:00 PM

if you’re building voice, i’m in

Yesterday, 9:04 PM
He’s an investor in us
And that’s awesome dude
We arent doing voice but just as if not more exciting stuff

❤️
Shoot me a text and let’s get on a call jj@rootly.com// 5197029512

💯
Yesterday, 9:26 PM
·
Edited

@hebehilhorst

- i’ve programmed with her personally. she is the definition of cracked engineer. knows her files like the back of her hand. 

@aleksa_zilvinas
 
- shipping in sf (orig. from lithuania) top 10 in 
@fdotinc
 hackathon. architected his experimental ai scrapers very elegantly

Yesterday, 11:08 PM
Is Zilvinas between work? Love an intro to him.
Actually love to chat w both
Yesterday, 11:11 PM

down to make those connections for you! i was thinking it might be good to sync up with dan tomorrow first, since i’d also be helping with the team. happy to intro them asap after our chat – whatever works best for you.

---

Jacob Lopez:
	this is jacob @imjacoblopez 𝕏

Jacob Lopez:
	let me know when you’re free for a call

+1 (519) 702-9512:
	Oh my bad I read that as I’m free for a call
	Where you based?

Jacob Lopez:
	lopez731@icloud.com
	http://slop.codes
    resume.pdf

    +1 (519) 702-9512:
	Sent you two an invite for tmr, lmk if that doesnt work
	Who else like you should I be speaking to?

Jacob Lopez:
	just confirmed
	sent over two referrals on 𝕏

+1 (519) 702-9512:
	You the man
	Yo - let me ping Dan. I mightve fucked up the scheduling

Jacob Lopez:
	no worries we just wrapped up

+1 (519) 702-9512:
	How was it

    Me: Yeah, I'll be honest. It was pretty good 50-50. Those what I would say because you guys are dealing with tons of data and I know how to approach it in theory but impracticality it's just theories for me. I've never actually messed with you know implementing rag models, which is how you. Engineer millions of tokens of data from like LinkedIn, for example so you know, I was just honest about that. I don't really know how to do it. I do know the approach to do and I can learn it very quickly so I think the conversation flowed really nicely in terms of what I know and then towards the end of the call really pushing the boundaries of like what I don't know right so I was pretty honest about about all of that but yeah, if you guys. Need someone maybe more focused on the like consumer aspect of it you guys are B to be but I would definitely say you know my my dad my whole life he's an IT so he's always been you know dealing with like tickets service now he works for Kaiser Permanente so I'm a developer. I create things and then the IT people they maintain things right so if something goes wrong, the tools that they're using. And I didn't do a good job of like creating those tools for him to be able to close the tickets out and like research stuff it's my fault but he'll get blamed for it so you wanna definitely make sure you make magic for those people make sure that you're doing what might take them hours only like a minute to accomplish so I can definitely help with that like that's what I love to do but on the more like AI machine learning kind of stuff that stuff that I'm Branching into, but I'm not an expert in today

    him: Yeah, appreciate the voice note Jacob I mean the first thing I'll say is no experience required the tenacity to learn and experiment kind of what we talked about last night. That's what we're looking for. We're gonna be solving problems. Weather is in immediate future or in the near future or further out than no one has ever solved so for us to only evaluate and only hire people that have an X amount of experience and you know what not. That's not really what you know that's a little bit absurd for us and so we're much more excited by your eagerness and I think generally smart people can pick anything up when I think about myself in this industry, you know when I started this company I really had no idea. What an SRE is now I sit in front of companies with thousands of amazingly talented engineers and I tell him how to run their software reliably and so it's nothing that you can't pick up and I think You. Exhibit those qualities that we're looking for the other thing too on the developer experience, you absolutely nailed it developers have so much political clout, and sway inside of these companies developers don't want to use service now developers want to use the best in modern tooling and a lot of what we do when we sell to beta bees as we're impressing ICS in impressing individual contributors at the companies and often times we can change their opinion through an amazing user experience and that's one thing as a company. I don't think we've done well enough that I want to introduce more so I think with that mindset I'm even more. Encouraged and excited because I wanna give the best best developer experience possible when I think about these, you know interfaces like rip or linear for example, I want people to open our tool and fuel exactly what he said that kind of magic so yeah, I'll catch up with Dan I haven't talked to him today at all. I just wanted to give you a quick quick shout cause I know we're moving very quick here. And obviously ease any, you know concerns, but I wouldn't be intimidated by the fact that you have no experience you know some of the best people in my company have no experience at all in this space and they're able to absolutely you know knock it out of the park, so I'm sure we'll chat soon

    ----